updating links (#210)
rstudio/education.rstudio.com: content/teach/_index.md

    Use our materials and evidence-based teaching practices to teach data science using R and RStudio's products.
---

> Posit's mission is to equip everyone, regardless of means, to participate in a global economy that rewards data literacy. Posit's education team supports that mission with open-source educational materials that we believe will help train the next million R users around the world. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Posit's mission is to equip everyone, regardless of means, to participate in a global economy that rewards data literacy. Posit's education team supports that mission with open-source educational materials we believe will help train the next million R users worldwide. 
```
